.TH "pdfbook" "1" "10 March 2010" "" "" 
.SH "NAME" 
pdfbook \- put the pages of PDF files into 2-up signatures
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
pdfbook [--short-edge] [OPTION [OPTION] \&.\&.\&.] [SRC [PAGESPEC] [SRC [PAGESPEC]] \&.\&.\&.] 
.PP 
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
pdfbook makes 2-up versions of PDF files, with the pages ordered as 
signatures.  The default signature size is 4: to change this, use the
option '--signature N', where N is a multiple of 4 (alternatively use '--signature* N' for 
right-edge binding).
.PP
The default is to make pages suitable for long-edge binding.  For short-edge
binding, use '--short-edge' as the first argument; this will only work if the LaTeX package 'everyshi' is installed.
.PP
The default output page orientation is 
landscape.  To change this, use the '--no-landscape' option.
.PP
By default, the option '--booklet false' is used (see the pdfpages manual
for details).  For some applications, '--booklet true' will be needed.
.PP
If no source PDF file ('SRC') is specified, input
is from /dev/stdin. If 'PAGESPEC' is omitted, all pages are processed.
.PP
Source files are processed sequentially into a single output
unless the '--batch' option is used, in which case they are processed 
separately.
.PP 
pdfbook is a simple wrapper for pdfjam, which provides a front end to 
many of the capabilities of the pdfpages
package for pdflatex\&.  A working installation of pdflatex, with
the pdfpages package, is required\&.
.PP 
pdfbook operates on one or more PDF files, and (either with the '--batch' 
option or with '--outfile DIR' where 'DIR' is a directory) the 
resulting files have
the suffix '-book' applied to their names by default.  To change the suffix,
use the '--suffix' option, for example
.PP
.RS
.B    pdfbook --suffix 'sig4' --batch myfile1.pdf myfile2.pdf
.RE
.PP 
will result in files named 'myfile1-sig4.pdf' and 'myfile2-sig4.pdf'.
.PP
pdfbook was formerly part of the "PDFjam" package of tools\&.
.PP
.SH "USAGE" 
.PP 
For the other available options and 
site/user defaults, see the output of 
.PP
.RS
.B    pdfjam --help
.RE
.PP
.SH "LIMITATIONS AND BUGS" 
.PP
pdfbook does not work with encrypted PDF files, and does not 
preserve hyperlinks.
.PP 
.SH "LICENSE" 
.PP 
pdfbook is distributed under the GNU public license\&.  
.PP 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
pdfjam(1)\&.
.PP 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
pdfbook was written originally by David Firth as part of the PDFjam package\&.

