.TH "pdfjam-slides6up" "1" "10 March 2010" "" "" 
.SH "NAME" 
pdfjam-slides6up \- put presentation slides onto 6-up pages
.SH "SYNOPSIS" 
.PP 
pdfjam-slides6up [--pagenumbering SWITCH] [OPTION [OPTION] \&.\&.\&.] [SRC [PAGESPEC] [SRC [PAGESPEC]] \&.\&.\&.] 
.PP 
.SH "DESCRIPTION" 
.PP 
pdfjam-slides6up converts PDF files whose pages are presentation slides (with
4:3 aspect ratio) into 6-up versions suitable for making a handout 
(for example).  By default, the 6-up pages do not themselves have page numbers.
.PP
To put page numbers on the output pages, use either '--pagenumbering true'
or, for example, '--pagenumbering 3.0cm' to place the page numbers a bit
lower on the page than the default position.  The value of 'SWITCH' must
be either 'true', 'false' or a dimension that can be used by LateX. (To
be precise, it's the value of the 'footskip' dimension in LaTeX; by default,
pdfjam-slides6up sets that as 2.7cm, which works pretty well in 
conjunction with both '--paper a4paper' and '--paper letterpaper'.)
.PP
If no source PDF file ('SRC') is specified, input
is from /dev/stdin. If 'PAGESPEC' is omitted, all pages are processed.
.PP
Source files are processed sequentially into a single output
unless the '--batch' option is used, in which case they are processed 
separately.
.PP 
pdfjam-slides6up is a simple wrapper for pdfjam, which provides a front end to 
many of the capabilities of the pdfpages
package for pdflatex\&.  A working installation of pdflatex, with
the pdfpages package, is required\&.
.PP 
pdfjam-slides6up operates on one or more PDF files, and (either with 
the '--batch' option or with '--outfile DIR' where 'DIR' is a directory) the 
resulting files have
the suffix '-6up' applied to their names by default.  To change the suffix,
use the '--suffix' option, for example
.PP
.RS
.B    pdfjam-slides6up --suffix '2x3' --batch myslides1.pdf myslides2.pdf
.RE
.PP 
will result in files named 'myslides1-2x3.pdf' and 'myslides2-2x3.pdf'.
.PP 
By default a narrow line frame is printed around every slide.  This can be 
turned off if required by using the option '--frame false'.
.PP
pdfjam-slides6up is part of the "PDFjam" package of tools, whose homepage is at
http://www.warwick.ac.uk/go/pdfjam \&.
.PP
.SH "SETUP" 
.PP
See http://go.warwick.ac.uk/pdfjam .
.PP
.SH "USAGE" 
.PP 
For the other available options and 
site/user defaults, see the output of 
.PP
.RS
.B    pdfjam --help
.RE
.PP
For further information and some examples see 
http://go.warwick.ac.uk/pdfjam \&.
.PP
.SH "LIMITATIONS AND BUGS" 
.PP
pdfjam-slides6up does not work with encrypted PDF files, and does not 
preserve hyperlinks.
.PP 
Please report bugs! See the website at
http://www.warwick.ac.uk/go/pdfjam \&.
.PP 
.SH "LICENSE" 
.PP 
PDFjam is distributed under the GNU public license\&.  
.PP 
.SH "SEE ALSO" 
.PP 
pdfjam(1) pdfjam-slides3up(1) \&.
.PP 
.SH "AUTHOR" 
.PP 
pdfjam-slides6up is written and maintained by David Firth as part of the PDFjam package\&.

